Update cache config.d.ts to reflect valid option (#24821)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/cold-seas-end.md

---
'@backstage/backend-common': patch
---

> Updates config.d.ts to reflect valid redis cache config option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated configuration schema to include the `useRedisSets` cache config option.
```
